README.md, before:

# Semaphore demo CI pipeline using Elixir and Phoenix

Example application and continuous integration (CI) pipeline showing how to run
an Elixir Phoenix project on [Semaphore][semaphore].

## CI on Semaphore

Fork this repository and use it to [create your own project][create-project] on
Semaphore.

The CI pipeline will look like this:

![CI pipeline on Semaphore](public/ci-pipeline.png)

The example pipeline contains 3 blocks:

1. Download dependencies, compile code.
2. Run static code analysis, in 3 parallel jobs:
    1. [mix format][mix-format]
    2. [credo][credo] code analysis
    3. [dialyzer][dialyxir] checks
3. Run [exunit tests][exunit], including integration tests via [wallaby][wallaby] using headless Chrome.

## License

Copyright (c) 2019 Rendered Text

Distributed under the MIT License. See the file LICENSE.

[semaphore]: https://semaphoreci.com
[create-project]: https://docs.semaphoreci.com/article/63-your-first-project
[mix-format]: https://hexdocs.pm/mix/master/Mix.Tasks.Format.html
[exunit]: https://semaphoreci.com/community/tutorials/introduction-to-testing-elixir-applications-with-exunit
[wallaby]: https://github.com/keathley/wallaby
[credo]: https://github.com/rrrene/credo
[dialyxir]: https://github.com/jeremyjh/dialyxir

Commit message:

Fork and run read me
Updated read me for fork and run. Created a new branch.

README.md, after:

# Semaphore demo CI pipeline using Elixir and Phoenix

Example application and continuous integration (CI) pipeline showing how to run
an Elixir Phoenix project on [Semaphore][semaphore].

**Note:** The `fork-and-run` branch contains simplified and faster pipline that excludes [dialyzer][dialyxir] checks. If you would like to test and use more complex workflow, please fork the `master` branch.

## CI on Semaphore

Fork this repository and use it to [create your own project][create-project] on
Semaphore.

The example pipeline contains 3 blocks:

1. Download dependencies, compile code.
2. Run static code analysis, in 2 parallel jobs:
    1. [mix format][mix-format]
    2. [credo][credo] code analysis
3. Run [exunit tests][exunit], including integration tests via [wallaby][wallaby] using headless Chrome.

## License

Copyright (c) 2019 Rendered Text

Distributed under the MIT License. See the file LICENSE.

[semaphore]: https://semaphoreci.com
[create-project]: https://docs.semaphoreci.com/article/63-your-first-project
[mix-format]: https://hexdocs.pm/mix/master/Mix.Tasks.Format.html
[exunit]: https://semaphoreci.com/community/tutorials/introduction-to-testing-elixir-applications-with-exunit
[wallaby]: https://github.com/keathley/wallaby
[credo]: https://github.com/rrrene/credo
[dialyxir]: https://github.com/jeremyjh/dialyxir
